---
title: Q7
date: 2021/11/27
description: Answer to seventh question
tag: questions
author: Noora C
---

# Q&A (7th question)

What do you think is one of the most common problems which customers ask Vercel for help with? How would you 
help customers to overcome common problems, short-term and long-term? 

ANSWER:

I'm guessing the most common question is how to get started and common configuration issues, like domain redirection and adding pages and posts 
to their project. Just going by what I've so far done with this blog app, those would be my first questions and the first questions I would be
Googling. 

For short term, I would make encourage users to look at our help guides and place help buttons and text prominently across all areas where they
may run into issues, similar to what is already available. 

Long term, I think it'll be a good idea not only to have chat support, so users can get quick help, but also help bubbles at critical moments. 
For example, after a customer deploys their first project, a little help bubble (e.g. Did You Know?) should appear telling users that 
their app is automatically updated every 5 minutes whenever they make a change to their Github project. 

Then the help bubble should tell them what they should do first (e.g. Go to your Github page and start creating new pages). 

Then after Vercel pulls in the first update, a new bubble should appear with the next step, etc. 

This will work as an automatic guide for new users to the platform and help ease them into it before confusion can set in.
